Component versions (#86)
mulesoft/docs-private-cloud: modules/ROOT/pages/backup-and-disaster-recovery.adoc

| Configurations | Y
| Secrets | Y
| Object Store | Y
| Disclaimer settings | Y
| SMTP settings | Y
| DNS settings | N

> | Platform Certificate | N

Reviewer: Why is "certificate" capitalized?

| NFS settings | N
| NFS files | N	
| Drives | N
| Runtimes* | N	
|===
 

> *Anypoint Platform PCE only has INFORMATION about runtimes, such as their names and status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Anypoint Platform PCE has only information about runtimes, such as their names and status.
```
Do not use ALLCAPS to provide emphasis. See style reference.

== Perform a System Restore

To restore a system from your backup archive, use the original cluster or create a new cluster.

[WARNING]
====

> Some settings, including NFS, certificates, and DNS, are not backed up and must be configured for the environment in which the restore will be performed *before* running the restore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some settings, including NFS, certificates, and DNS, are not backed up. Configure them for the environment in which the restore will be performed before running the restore.
```

====

[WARNING]
====
You cannot perform a backup between different versions of Anypoint Platform PCE. The new installation you create must use the same version of Anypoint Platform PCE as your backup.
====

. Log in to one of the nodes in your cluster.

> . Move the compressed backup archive file to a folder on any master node in the environment to be restored. You can transfer this file securely via the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Move the compressed backup archive file to a folder on any master node in the environment to be restored. You can transfer this file securely by using the following command:
```

====
* `--follow`
+
Outputs the restore job logs to stdout.
* `--timeout`
+
Specifies the maximum time allowed for the restore operation, for example, 30s, 5m, and so on. The default value is `80m`. If you have a very large number of applications and files, use a minimum of `160m` as the `--timeout` value.
* `--log-file`
+
Outputs logs to a file.
====

> . Wait for the operation to complete, which is typically forty to sixty minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Wait for the operation to finish, which is typically 40 to 60 minutes.
```
Review the style reference entry about the use of "complete."
Use numerals for all values of 10 and higher.

> . Manually restore the NFS files if you are not reusing the original NFS.

Reviewer: Does this require clarification regarding what version is being restored, if not the original?
